As expected of extraordinary things
One day I vaguely felt myself
Able to deduce a secret method
It's just that it's too easy to forget myself when practicing
I forgot to eat
Senior Brother Ye, this is a letter from Senior Sister Zhang to you
Brother Ye
What Qiao Qian is doing today has no reason
I have Uncle Ye's relic opinion on hand
You can tell at a glance when you go to the Lanyunting Pavilion outside the city tonight.
relic
If there is any relic
How could my father be handed over to Zhang Xiaoqian for safekeeping?
I'm afraid there's a trick here.
But why should I be afraid of him now?
I want to fish, but I'm afraid you know you're not big enough
Zhang Jiuqian, I, Ye Wuji, are here
Night Wuji
We brothers have been waiting for a long time
Hahahaha
This is the legendary trash
I still have some courage
Just not very smart
What about Zhang Xiaoqian?
Ye Wuji is really stupid
This girl makes a small subtotal
I didn't expect you to come alone
Then you say so
The relics are also fake
Isn't that obvious enough?
Forget it, I'll let you be a ghost today
Today we have come to kill you with the death of Dagis
Zhang Xiaoqian
You want my life so much?
Night Wuji
In fact, your life is still useful
And you know what?
Roughly said
As long as I kill you today
I can call Senior Brother Zhao and Concubine Master
You are so vicious
Don't hesitate to use my head as a stepping stone
Is it just to be a concubine?
Do you understand?
Brother Zhao is the son of a man of great lofty ideals
lofty status
Even if you marry him as a concubine
The cultivation resources I received
How many times better than following you in an instant
OK
Look at you
I'll kill you later and I won't show mercy
Owe me
I'll figure it out for you today.
Haha laughs to death
Kill me with you, a mere second-grade trash
Ye Wuji, don't blame me for not showing you mercy
Kill him!
Just a few of you
Hidden rats want to kill me too
What's so fierce